Add glibc error (#24348)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/troubleshooting/_index.md

If you are experiencing issues unrelated to performance or if the Datadog Static Analyzer fails to exit, run the Datadog Static Analyzer with the `--debug true --performance-statistics` flag.

### Issue `GLIBC_X.YY not found`

If you run the static analyzer in your CI pipeline and get an error message similar to the following line:

```
version `GLIBC_X.YY' not found
```

It means that you are either:

- running your CI pipeline with a Linux distribution that contains an old version of the glibc. In this case, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. The analyzer always runs with the latest of Ubuntu/Debian based-systems.
- running your CI pipeline with a Linux distribution that does not rely on the glibc (such as Alpine Linux). Instead,

>   you run your CI pipeline with a distribution that supports the latest version of the glibc (such as the stable version of Ubuntu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  run your CI pipeline with a distribution that supports the latest version of the glibc (such as the stable version of Ubuntu).
```

If you are experiencing issues unrelated to performance or if the Datadog Static Analyzer fails to exit, run the Datadog Static Analyzer with the `--debug true --performance-statistics` flag.

### Issue `GLIBC_X.YY not found`

If you run the static analyzer in your CI pipeline and get an error message similar to the following line:

```
version `GLIBC_X.YY' not found
```

It means that you are either:

> - running your CI pipeline with a Linux distribution that contains an old version of the glibc. In this case, we

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- running your CI pipeline with a Linux distribution that contains an old version of the glibc. In this case,
```

>   recommend you upgrade to the latest version. The analyzer will always run with the latest of Ubuntu/Debian based-systems.

Reviewer 3: "In this case, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version."

>   recommend you upgrade to the latest version. Our analyzer will always run with the latest of Ubuntu/Debian based-systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  recommend you upgrade to the latest version. The analyzer will always run with the latest of Ubuntu/Debian based-systems.
```

> - running your CI pipeline with a Linux distribution that does not rely on the glibc (such as Alpine Linux). We recommend

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- running your CI pipeline with a Linux distribution that does not rely on the glibc (such as Alpine Linux). Instead,
```

  you run your CI pipeline with a distribution that supports the latest version of the glibc (such as the stable version of Ubuntu).

### Results are not being surfaced in the Datadog UI

> If you are running on a non-GitHub repository, make sure you first commit on your default branch (e.g. branch name like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are running on a non-Github repository, ensure you first commit on your default branch (for example, a branch name like
```

- The name of the branch you ran the analysis on
- The list of dependency files in your repository (such as `package-lock.json`, `requirements.txt`, or `pom.xml`)

### Results are not being surfaced in the Datadog UI

> If you are running on a non-GitHub repository, make sure you first commit on your default branch (e.g. branch name like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are running on a non-Github repository, ensure you first commit on your default branch (for example, a branch name like
```

> If you are running on a non-Github repository, ensure you first commit on your default branch (for example, a branch name like

Reviewer 3: "If you are running Code Analysis on a non-GitHub repository, ensure that the first scan is ran on your default branch ...."
